initial version (#1)
noblesamurai/aws-transcode: README.md

# aws-transcode

> > A simple promise based wrapper to make transciding with AWS simple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A simple wrapper to transcoding with AWS elastic transcoder.
```

## Installation

This module is installed via npm:

``` bash
$ npm install aws-transcode
```

## Usage

```js
const transcode = require('aws-transcode');
const key = 'input/video.mp4';
const outputs = [
  {
    key: 'output/video_1080p.mp4',
    presetId: '1351620000001-000001',
    thumbnailPattern: 'output/video_{count}'
  },
  {
    key: 'output/video_preview_360p.mp4',
    presetId: '1351620000001-000040'
  }
];
const config = {

>   checkExistsInBucket: 'OPTIONALY_CHECK_IN_THIS_BUCKET',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  checkExistsInBucket: 'OPTIONALLY_CHECK_IN_THIS_BUCKET',
```

  onProgress: status => console.log(status),
  pipelineId: 'REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_PIPELINE_ID',
  pollInterval: 2000, // get status updates every 2 seconds
  region: 'us-east-1'
};

const res = await transcode(key, outputs, config);

if (res === false) {
  // res will be false if there was nothing to be transcoded (ie. no outputs were
  // passed in or all outputs already exist in the `checkExistsInBucket` bucket.
} else {
  // res will be the duration of the transcoded video in ms.
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Add an `## API` section generated from the jsdoc as per our other modules?
